
Welcome delegates to our 20th cooperate social commitment convention 
Every two years, the convention provides a platform for america's socally  responsible companies 
to discuss practicak ways giving back to the community
since last convene two years ago, cooperate participant in the convention had provided directed 
adding in the improving spaces a computer labs we've also help independent farmers to leverage
these effort have 
cscc executive director is directed by Lina dean

b.the construction of new building
c.the recruitment of new members
d.The launch of comemorative book
which is correct about the convention
a.It is annual event for social workers
b.It encourages 
c.Its location change every times it is held
d.It probide venue to discuss investment
It's 16:38 on Sunday, September 30, 2024, starting from about 16:00 on the same day.
16:38 일요일,9월30일,2024년. 같은날 약 16:00에 시작.
test step. keep it. before work out.
테스트단계. 보류중. 운동가기전.


Part5 Question's Thrty seven to forty. You will now hear two longer monologues.
for each items you will hear monolouges and two corespondning questions all of which will be read twice.
then you will hear four options each questions which will be read only once. choose the options that best answers each questions
Number Thirty seven and Thirty eight.
Welcome delegates to our 20th corperate social commitment convention 
Every two years, the convention provides a platform for america's socally  responsible companies 
to discuss practical ways giving back to the community
since we last convened last two years ago, cooperate participant in the convention had provided directed assistance to dozens under funded schools. 
adding and improving spaces such as classrooms and computer labs. we've also helped independent farmers leverage technology to their advantage.
these effort have improve lives hundreds of beneficieries.
The cscc's executive director ,Lina dean, will be sharing a detailed reports on this in a moments.
but before I hand her the microphone. I like to reiterate that our mission here is to find ways to turn vision into action.
please keep this in mind as you network or attend one of our many workshops and seminars
we are here to find solutions to pressing problems and to effect positive change in society.
question number thirty seven what was accomplished in the past two years.
a.The opening of head quarters.
b.the construction of school facilities
c.the recruitment of new members
d.The launch of commemorative book
which is correct about the convention
a.It is an annual event for social workers
b.It encourages participant to actively support social causes.
c.Its location change every times it is held
d.It probides a venue for discussing investments.
It starts at 09:48pm and ends at 10:11pm on Tuseday, October 1,2024.
시작시간은 09:48pm 끝난시간은 10:25pm. 화요일,10월1일,2024년




